He is so bossy. I stare at him blankly. He sits back on the bed as he puts on his shoes and socks.“Do you have a doctor?”I shake my head. We are back to mergers and acquisitions – another 180-degree mood swing.He frowns. “I can have mine come and see you at your apartment – Sunday morning before you come and see me. Or he can see you at my place. Which would you prefer?”No pressure then. Something else that he’s paying for… but actually this is for his benefit.“Your place.” That means I am guaranteed to see him Sunday.“Okay. I’ll let you know the time.”“Are you leaving?”Don’t go… stay with me please.“Yes.”Why?“How are you getting back?” I whisper.“Taylor will pick me up.”“I can drive you. I have a lovely new car.”He gazes at me, his expression warm. “That’s more like it. But I think you’ve had too much to drink.”“Did you get me tipsy on purpose?”“Yes.”“Why?”“Because you over-think everything, and you’re reticent like your stepdad. A drop of wine in you and you start talking, and I need you to communicate honestly with me. Oth-erwise you clam up, and I have no idea what you’re thinking. In vino veritas, Anastasia.”“And you think you’re always honest with me?”“I endeavor to be.” He looks down at me warily. “This will only work if we’re honest with each other.”“I’d like you to stay and use this.” I hold up the second condom.He smiles and his eyes glow with humor.“Anastasia, I have crossed so many lines here tonight. I have to go. I’ll see you on Sunday. I’ll have the revised contract ready for you, and then we can really start to play.”“Play?” Holy shit. My heart leaps into my mouth.“I’d like to do a scene with you. But I won’t until you’ve signed, so I know you’re ready.”“Oh. So I could stretch this out, if I don’t sign?”He gazes at me assessing, and then his lips twitch into a smile.“Well, I suppose you could, but I may crack under the strain.”“Crack? How?” My inner goddess has woken and is paying attention.He nods slowly, and then he grins, teasing. “Could get really ugly.”His grin is infectious.“Ugly, how?”“Oh you know, explosions, car chases, kidnapping, incarceration.”“You’d kidnap me?”“Oh yes,” he grins.“Hold me against my will?” Jeez this is hot.“Oh yes,” he nods. “And then we’re talking TPE 24/7.”“You’ve lost me,” I breathe, my heart is pounding… is he serious?“Total Power Exchange – round the clock.” His eyes are shining, and I can feel his excitement from where I sit. Holy shit.“So you have no choice,” he says sardonically.“Clearly.” I can’t keep the sarcasm out of my voice as my eyes reach for the heavens.“Oh, Anastasia Steele, did you just roll your eyes at me?”Crap. “No,” I squeak.“I think you did. What did I say I’d do to you if you rolled your eyes at me again?”Shit. He sits down on the edge of the bed.“Come here,” he says softly.I blanch. Jeez… he’s serious. I sit staring at him completely immobile.“I haven’t signed,” I whisper.“I told you what I’d do. I’m a man of my word. I’m going to spank you, and then I’m going to fuck you very quick and very hard. Looks like we’ll need that condom after all.”His voice is so soft, menacing, and it’s damned hot. My insides practically contort with potent, needy, liquid, desire. He gazes at me, waiting, eyes blazing. Tentatively, I uncurl my legs. Should I run? This is it, our relationship hangs in the balance, right here, right now. Do I let him do this or do I say no, and then that’s it? Because I know it will be over if I say no. Do it! My inner goddess pleads with me, my subconscious is as paralyzed as I am.“I’m waiting,” he says. “I’m not a patient man.”Oh for the love of all that’s holy. I’m panting, afraid, turned on. Blood pounding through my body, my legs are like jelly. Slowly, I crawl over to him until I am beside him.“Good girl,” he murmurs. “Now stand up.”Oh shit… can’t he just get this over with? I’m not sure if I can stand. Hesitantly, I clamber to my feet. He holds his hand out, and I place the condom in his palm. Suddenly he grabs me, tipping me across his lap. With one smooth movement, he angles his body so my torso is resting on the bed beside him. He throws his right leg over both of mine and plants his left forearm on the small of my back, holding me down so I cannot move. Oh fuck.“Put your hands up on either side of your head,” he orders.I obey immediately.“Why am I doing this, Anastasia?” he asks.“Because I rolled my eyes at you,” I can barely speak.“Do you think that’s polite?”“No.”“Will you do it again?”“No.”“I will spank you each time you do it, do you understand?”Very slowly, he pulls down my sweatpants. Oh, how demeaning is this, demeaning and scary and hot. He’s making such a meal of this. My heart is in my mouth. I can barely breathe. Shit, is this going to hurt? He places his hand on my naked behind, softly fondling me, stroking round and round with his flat palm. And then his hand is no longer there… and he hits me – hard. Ow! My eyes spring open in response to the pain, and I try to rise, but his hand moves between my shoulder blades keeping me down. He caresses me again where he’s hit me, and his breath-ing’s changed – it’s louder, harsher. He hits me again and again, quickly in succession. Holy fuck it hurts. I make no sound, my face screwed up against the pain. I try and wriggle away from the blows – spurred on by adrenaline spiking and coursing through my body.“Keep still,” he growls. “Or I’ll spank you for longer.”He’s rubbing me now, and the blow follows. A rhythmic pattern emerges, caress, fondle, slap hard. I have to concentrate to handle this pain. My mind empties as I endeavor to absorb the grueling sensation. He doesn’t hit me in the same place twice in succession – he’s spreading the pain.“Aargh!” I cry out on the tenth slap – and I’m unaware that I have been mentally count-ing the blows.“I’m just getting warmed up.”He hits me again then he strokes me softly. The combination of the hard stinging blow and his gentle caress is so mind numbing. He hits me again… this is getting harder to take.  My face hurts, it’s screwed up so tight. He strokes me gently and then the blow comes. I cry out again.“No one to hear you, baby, just me.”And he hits me again and again. From somewhere deep inside, I want to beg him to stop. But I don’t. I don’t want to give him the satisfaction. He continues the unrelenting rhythm. I cry out six more times. Eighteen slaps in total. My body is singing, singing from his merciless assault.“Enough,” he breathes hoarsely. “Well done, Anastasia. Now I’m going to fuck you.”He caresses my behind gently, and it burns as he strokes me round and round and down. Suddenly, he inserts two fingers inside me, taking me completely by surprise. I gasp, this new assault breaking through the numbness around my brain.“Feel this. See how much your body likes this, Anastasia. You’re soaking just for me.” There is awe in his voice. He moves his fingers, in and out in quick succession. I groan, no surely not, and then his fingers are gone… and I’m left wanting.“Next time, I will get you to count. Now where’s that condom?” He reaches beside him for the condom and lifts me gently, pushing me face down onto the bed. I hear the sound of his zipper and the rip of the foil. He drags my sweatpants off and then guides me into a kneeling position, gently caressing my now very sore behind.“I’m going to take you now. You can come,” he murmurs. What? Like I have a choice.And he’s inside me, quickly filling me, I moan loudly. He moves, pounding into me, a fast, intense pace against my sore behind. The feeling is beyond exquisite, raw and debas-ing and mind blowing. My senses are ravaged, disconnected, solely concentrating on what he’s doing to me. How he’s making me feel, that familiar pull deep in my belly, tightening, quickening. NO… and my traitorous body explodes in an intense, body-shattering orgasm.“Oh, Ana!” he cries out loudly as he finds his release, holding me in place as he pours himself into me. He collapses, panting hard beside me, and he pulls me on top of him and buries his face in my hair, holding me close.“Oh, baby,” he breathes. “Welcome to my world.”We lie there, panting together, waiting for our breathing to slow. He gently strokes my hair. I’m on his chest again. But this time, I don’t have the strength to lift my hand and feel him. Boy… I survived. That wasn’t so bad. I’m more stoic than I thought. My inner goddess is prostrate… well at least she’s quiet. Christian nuzzles my hair again, inhaling deeply.“Well done, baby,” he whispers, quiet joy in his voice. His words curl around me like a soft fluffy towel from the Heathman Hotel, and I’m so pleased that he’s happy. He picks at the strap on my camisole.“Is this what you sleep in?” he asks gently.“Yes,” I breathe sleepily.“You should be in silks and satins, you beautiful girl. I’ll take you shopping.”“I like my sweats,” I murmur, trying and failing to sound irritated.He kisses my head again. “We’ll see,” he says.We lie for a few more minutes, hours, who knows, and I think I doze.“I have to go,” he says, and leaning down, he kisses my forehead gently. “Are you okay?” His voice is soft.I think about his question. My backside is sore. Well, glowing now, and amazingly I feel, apart from exhausted, radiant. The realization is humbling, unexpected. I don’t understand. Holy shit.“I’m okay,” I whisper. I don’t want to say more than that.He rises. “Where’s your bathroom?”“Along the corridor to the left.”He scoops up the other condom and heads out of the bedroom. I rise stiffly and put my sweatpants back on. They chafe a little against my still-smarting behind. I’m so confused by my reaction. I remember him saying – I can’t remember when – that I would feel so much better after a good hiding. How can that be so? I really don’t get it. But strangely, I do. I can’t say that I enjoyed the experience, in fact, I would still go a long way to avoid it, but now… I have this safe, weird, bathed in afterglow, sated feeling. I put my head in my hands. I just don’t understand.Christian re-enters the room. I can’t look him in the eye. I stare down at my hands.“I found some baby oil. Let me rub it into your behind.”What?“No. I’ll be fine.”“Anastasia,” he warns, and I want to roll my eyes but quickly stop myself. I stand fac-ing the bed. Sitting beside me, he gently pulls my sweatpants down again. Up and down like whores’ drawers my subconscious remarks bitterly. In my head, I tell her where to go. Christian squirts baby oil into his hand and then rubs my behind with careful tenderness – from makeup remover to smoothing balm for a spanked ass, who would have thought it was such a versatile liquid.“I like my hands on you,” he murmurs, and I have to agree, me too.“There,” he says when he’s finished, and he pulls my pants up again.I glance over at my clock. It’s ten-thirty.“I’m leaving now.”“I’ll see you out.” I still can’t look at him.Taking my hand, he leads me to the front door. Fortunately, Kate is still not home. She must still be having dinner with her folks and Ethan. I’m really glad she’s not been around to hear my chastisement.“Don’t you have to call Taylor?” I ask, avoiding eye contact.“Taylor’s been here since nine. Look at me,” he breathes. I struggle to meet his eyes, but when I do, he’s gazing down at me with wonder.“You didn’t cry,” he murmurs, then grabs me suddenly and kisses me fervently. “Sun-day,” he whispers against my lips, and it’s both a promise and a threat.I watch him walk down the path and climb into the big black Audi. He doesn’t look back. I close the door and stand helpless in the living room of an apartment that I shall only spend another two nights in. A place I have lived happily for almost four years… yet today, for the first time ever, I feel lonely and uncomfortable here, unhappy with my own company. Have I strayed so far from who I am? I know that lurking, not very far under my rather numb exterior, is a well of tears. What am I doing? The irony is I can’t even sit down and enjoy a good cry. I’ll have to stand. I know it’s late, but I decide to call my mom.“Honey, how are you? How was graduation?” she enthuses down the phone. Her voice is a soothing balm.“Sorry it’s so late,” I whisper.She pauses. “Ana? What’s wrong?” She’s all seriousness now.“Nothing, Mom, I just wanted to hear your voice.”She’s silent for a moment.“Ana, what is it? Please tell me.” Her voice is soft and comforting, and I know that she cares. Uninvited, my tears begin to flow. I have cried so often in the last few days.“Please, Ana,” she says, and her anguish reflects mine.“Oh, Mom, it’s a man.”“What’s he done to you?” Her alarm is palpable.“It’s not like that.” Although it is… Oh crap. I don’t want to worry her. I just want someone else to be strong for me at the moment.“Ana, please, you’re worrying me.”I take a big breath. “I’ve kind of fallen for this guy, and he’s so different from me, and I don’t know if we should be together.”“Oh, darling. I wish I could be with you. I am so sorry I missed your graduation.  You’ve fallen for someone, finally. Oh, honey, men, they are so tricky. They’re a different species, honey. How long have you known him?”Christian is definitely a different species… different planet.“Oh, nearly three weeks or so.”“Ana, darling, that’s no time at all. How can you possibly know someone in that kind of time frame? Just take it easy with him and keep him at arm’s length until you decide whether he’s worthy of you.”Wow… it’s unnerving when my mother is so insightful, but she’s just too late on this. Is he worthy of me? That’s an interesting concept. I always wonder whether I am worthy of him.“Honey, you sound so unhappy. Come home – visit with us. I miss you, darling. Bob would love to see you too. You can get some distance and maybe some perspective. You need a break. You’ve been working so hard.”Oh boy, is this tempting. Run away to Georgia. Grab some sunshine, some cocktails.  My mother’s good humor… her loving arms.“I have two job interviews in Seattle on Monday.”“Oh, that’s wonderful news.”The door opens and Kate appears, grinning at me. Her face falls when she sees I’ve been crying.“Mom, I have to go. I’ll think about a visit. Thank you.”“Honey, please, don’t let a man get under your skin. You’re far too young. Go and enjoy yourself.”“Yes, Mom, love you.”“Oh, Ana, I love you too, so much. Stay safe, honey.” I hang up and face Kate who glares at me.“Has that obscenely rich fucker upset you again?”“No… sort of… err… yes.”“Just tell him to take a hike, Ana. You’ve been so up and down since you met him. I’ve never seen you like this.”The world of Katherine Kavanagh is very clear, very black and white. Not the intan-gible, mysterious, vague hues of gray that color my world. Welcome to my world.“Sit, let’s talk. Let’s have some wine. Oh, you’ve had champagne.” She spies the bottle. “Some good stuff too.”I smile ineffectually, looking apprehensively at the couch. I approach it with caution. Hmm… sitting.“Are you okay?”“I fell over and landed on my behind.”She doesn’t think to question my explanation, because I am one of the most un-coor-dinated people in Washington State. I never thought I’d see that as a blessing. I sit down gingerly, pleasantly surprised that I’m okay, and turn my attention to Kate, but my mind glazes over and I’m pulled back to the Heathman – “Well, if you were mine you wouldn’t be able to sit down for a week after the stunt you pulled yesterday.” He said it then, and all I could concentrate on at the time was being his. All the warning signs were there, I was just too clueless and too enamored to notice.Kate comes back into the living area with a bottle of red wine and washed teacups.“Here we go.” She hands me a cup of wine. It won’t taste as good as the Bolly. “Ana, if he’s a jerk with commitment issues, dump him. Though I don’t really under-stand his commitment issues. He couldn’t take his eyes off you in the marquee, watched you like a hawk. I’d say he was completely smitten, but maybe he has a funny way of showing it.”Smitten? Christian? Funny way of showing it? I’ll say.“Kate, it’s complicated. How was your evening?” I ask. I can’t talk this through with Kate without revealing too much, but one question on her day and Kate is off. It’s so reassuring to sit and listen to her normal chatter. The hot news is that Ethan may be coming to live with us after their holiday. That will be fun – Ethan is a hoot. I frown. I don’t think Christian will approve. Well… tough. He’ll just have to suck it up. I have a couple of teacups of wine and decide to call it a night. It’s been one very long day. Kate hugs me, and then grabs the phone to call Elliot.I check the mean machine after I brush my teeth. There’s an email from Christian.From: Christian GreySubject: YouDate: May 26 2011 23:14To: Anastasia SteeleDear Miss Steele You are quite simply exquisite. The most beautiful, intelligent, witty and brave woman I have ever met. Take some Advil – this is not a request. And don’t drive your Beetle again. I will know. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh, not drive my car again! I type out my reply.From: Anastasia SteeleSubject: FlatteryDate: May 26 2011 23:20To: Christian GreyDear Mr. Grey Flattery will get you nowhere, but since you’ve been everywhere the point is moot. I will need to drive my Beetle to a garage so I can sell it – so will not graciously accept any of your nonsense over that. Red wine is always more preferable to Advil. Ana PS: Caning is a HARD limit for me. I hit send.From: Christian GreySubject: Frustrating women who can’t take complimentsDate: May 26 2011 23:26 To: Anastasia SteeleDear Ms. Steele I am not flattering you. You should go to bed. I accept your addition to the hard limits. Don’t drink too much. Taylor will dispose of your car and get a good price for it too. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc.From: Anastasia SteeleSubject: Taylor – Is he the right man for the job?Date: May 26 2011 23:40 To: Christian GreyDear Sir I am intrigued that you are happy to risk letting your right hand man drive my car – but not some woman you fuck occasionally. How can I be sure that Taylor is the man to get me the best deal for said car? I have, in the past, probably before I met you, been known to drive a hard bargain. AnaFrom: Christian GreySubject: Careful!Date: May 26 2011 23:44To: Anastasia SteeleDear Ms. Steele I am assuming it is the RED WINE talking, and that you’ve had a very long day. Though I am tempted to drive back over there to ensure that you don’t sit down for a week, rather than an evening. Taylor is ex-army and capable of driving anything from a motorcycle to a Sherman Tank. Your car does not present a hazard to him. Now please do not refer to yourself as ‘some woman I fuck occasionally’ because, quite frankly it makes me MAD, and you really wouldn’t like me when I’m angry. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc.From: Anastasia SteeleSubject: Careful yourselfDate: May 26 2011 23:57To: Christian GreyDear Mr. Grey I’m not sure I like you anyway, especially at the moment. Ms. SteeleFrom: Christian GreySubject: Careful yourselfDate: May 27 2011 00:03To: Anastasia SteeleWhy don’t you like me? Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc.From: Anastasia SteeleSubject: Careful yourselfDate: May 27 2011 00:09To: Christian GreyBecause you never stay with me.There, that’s given him something to think about. I shut the machine down with a flourish I don’t really feel and crawl into my bed. I switch off my sidelight and stare up at the ceil-ing. It’s been one long day, one emotional wrench after another. It was heartwarming to spend some time with Ray. He looked well, and weirdly he approved of Christian. Jeez, Kate and her gargantuan mouth. Hearing Christian speak about being hungry. What the hell is that all about? God, and the car. I haven’t even told Kate about the new car. What was Christian thinking? And then this evening, he actually hit me. I’ve never been hit in my life. What have I gotten myself into? Very slowly, my tears, halted by Kate’s arrival, begin to slide down the side of my face and into my ears. I have fallen for someone who’s so emotionally shut down, I will only get hurt – deep down I know this – someone who by his own admission is completely fucked up. Why is he so fucked up? It must be awful to be as affected as he is, and the thought that as a toddler he suffered some unbearable cruelty makes me cry harder. Perhaps if he was more normal he wouldn’t want you, my subconscious contributes snidely to my musings… and in my heart of hearts I know this is true. I turn into my pil-low and the sluice gates open… and for the first time in years, I am sobbing uncontrollably into my pillow.I am momentarily distracted from my dark night of the soul by Kate shouting.“What the fuck do you think you’re doing here?”“Well you can’t!”“What the fuck have you done to her now?”“Since she’s met you she cries all the time.”“You can’t come in here!”Christian bursts into my bedroom and unceremoniously switches on the overhead light, making me squint.“Jesus, Ana,” he mutters. He flicks the switch off again and is at my side in a moment.“What are you doing here?” I gasp between sobs. Crap. I can’t stop crying.He switches on the sidelight making me squint again. Kate comes and stands in the doorway.“Do you want me to throw this asshole out?” she asks, radiating thermo-nuclear hostil-ity. Christian raises his eyebrows at her, no doubt surprised by her flattering epithet and her feral antagonism. I shake my head, and she rolls her eyes at me. Oh… I wouldn’t do that near Mr. G.“Just holler if you need me,” she says more gently. “Grey – your cards are marked,” she hisses at him. He nods at her, and she turns and pulls the door to but doesn’t close it.Christian gazes down at me, his expression grave, his face ashen. He’s wearing his pinstriped jacket, and from his inside pocket, he pulls out a handkerchief and hands it to me. I think I still have his other one somewhere.“What’s going on?” he asks quietly.“Why are you here?” I ask, ignoring his question. My tears have miraculously ceased, but I’m left with dry heaves racking my body.“Part of my role is to look after your needs. You said you wanted me to stay, so here I am. And yet I find you like this.” He blinks at me, truly bewildered. “I’m sure I’m respon-sible, but I have no idea why. Is it because I hit you?”I pull myself up, wincing from my sore behind. I sit and face him.“Did you take some Advil?”I shake my head. He narrows his eyes, stands, and leaves the room. I hear him talk-ing to Kate but not what they are saying. He’s back a few moments later with pills and a teacup of water.“Take these,” he orders gently as he sits on my bed beside me.I do as I’m told.“Talk to me,” he whispers. “You told me you were okay. I’d never have left you if I thought you were like this.”I stare down at my hands. What can I say that I haven’t said already? I want more. I want him to stay because he wants to stay with me, not because I’m a blubbering mess, and I don’t want him to beat me, is that so unreasonable?“I take it that when you said you were okay, you weren’t.”I flush. “I thought I was fine.”“Anastasia, you can’t tell me what you think I want to hear. That’s not very honest,” he admonishes me. “How can I trust anything you’ve said to me?”I peek up at him, and he’s frowning, a bleak look in his eye. He runs both hands through his hair.“How did you feel while I was hitting you and after?”“I didn’t like it. I’d rather you didn’t do it again.”“You weren’t meant to like it.”“Why do you like it?” I stare up at him.My question surprises him. “You really want to know?”“Oh, trust me, I’m fascinated.” And I can’t quite keep the sarcasm out of my voice.He narrows his eyes again. “Careful,” he warns.I blanch.“Are you going to hit me again?” I challenge.“No, not tonight.”Phew... my subconscious and I both breathe a silent sigh of relief. “So,” I prompt.“I like the control it brings me, Anastasia. I want you to behave in a particular way, and if you don’t, I shall punish you, and you will learn to behave the way I desire. I enjoy punishing you. I’ve wanted to spank you since you asked me if I was gay.”I flush at the memory. Jeez, I wanted to spank myself after that question. So Katherine Kavanagh is responsible for all this, and if she’d gone to that interview and asked her gay question, she’d be sitting here with the sore ass. I don’t like that thought. How confusing is this?“So you don’t like the way I am.”He stares at me, bewildered again. “I think you’re lovely the way you are.”“So why are you trying to change me?”“I don’t want to change you. I’d like you to be courteous and to follow the set of rules I’ve given you and not defy me. Simple,” he says.“But you want to punish me?”“Yes I do.”“That’s what I don’t understand.”He sighs and runs his hands through his hair again. “It’s the way I’m made, Anastasia. I need to control you. I need you to behave in a certain way, and if you don’t – I love to watch your beautiful alabaster skin pink and warm up under my hands. It turns me on.”Holy shit. Now we’re getting somewhere.“So it’s not the pain you’re putting me through?”He swallows.“A bit, to see if you can take it, but that’s not the whole reason. It’s the fact that you are mine to do with as I see fit – ultimate control over someone else. And it turns me on. Big time, Anastasia. Look, I’m not explaining myself very well… I’ve never had to before. I’ve not really thought about this in any great depth. I’ve always been with like-minded people,” he shrugs apologetically. “And you still haven’t answered my question – how did you feel afterwards?”“Confused.”“You were sexually aroused by it, Anastasia,” he closes his eyes briefly, and when he re-opens them and gazes at me, they are smoldering smoky embers.His expression pulls at that dark part of me, buried in the depths of my belly – my libido, woken and tamed by him, but even now, insatiable.“Don’t look at me like that,” he murmurs.I frown. Jeez what have I done now?“I don’t have any condoms, Anastasia, and you know, you’re upset. Contrary to what your roommate believes, I’m not a priapic monster. So, you felt confused?”I squirm under his intense gaze.“You have no problem being honest with me in print. Your emails always tell me exactly how you feel. Why can’t you do that in conversation? Do I intimidate you that much?”I pick at an imaginary spot on my mother’s blue and cream quilt.“You beguile me, Christian. Completely overwhelm me. I feel like Icarus flying too close to the Sun,” I whisper.He gasps. “Well, I think you’ve got that the wrong way around,” he whispers.“What?”“Oh, Anastasia, you’ve bewitched me. Isn’t it obvious?”No, not to me. Bewitched… my inner goddess is staring open-mouthed. Even she doesn’t believe this.“You’ve still not answered my question. Write me an email, please. But right now, I’d really like to sleep. Can I stay?”“Do you want to stay?” I can’t hide the hope in my voice.“You wanted me here.”“You haven’t answered my question.”“I’ll write you an email,” he mutters petulantly.Standing, he empties his jeans pockets of BlackBerry, keys, wallet, and money. Holy cow, men carry a lot of crap in their pockets. He strips off his watch, his shoes, socks, and jeans and places his jacket over my chair. He walks round to the other side of the bed and slides in.“Lie down,” he orders.I slip slowly under the covers, wincing slightly, staring at him. Jeez… he’s staying. I think I’m numb with elated shock. He leans up on one elbow staring down at me.“If you are going to cry. Cry in front of me. I need to know.”“Do you want me to cry?”“Not particularly. I just want to know how you’re feeling. I don’t want you slipping through my fingers. Switch the light off. It’s late, and we both have to work tomorrow.”So here… and still so bossy, but I can’t complain, he’s in my bed. I don’t quite un-derstand why… maybe I should weep more often in front of him. I switch off the bedside light.“Lie on your side, facing away from me,” he murmurs in the darkness.I roll my eyes in the full knowledge that he cannot see me, but I do as I’m told. Gin-gerly, he moves over and puts his arms around me and pulls me to his chest… oh my.“Sleep, baby,” he whispers, and I feel his nose in my hair as he inhales deeply.Holy cow. Christian Grey is sleeping with me, and in the comfort and solace of his arms, I drift into a peaceful sleep.The candle flame is too hot. It flickers and dances in the over-warm breeze, a breeze that brings no respite from the heat. Soft gossamer wings flutter to and fro in the dark, sprin-kling dusty scales in the circle of light. I’m struggling to resist, but I’m drawn. And then it’s so bright, and I am flying too close to the sun, dazzled by the light, fried and melting from the heat, weary in my endeavors to stay airborne. I am so warm. The heat… it’s stifling, overpowering. It wakes me. I open my eyes, and I’m draped in Christian Grey. He’s wrapped around me like a vic-tory flag. He’s fast asleep with his head on my chest, his arm over me, holding me close, one of his legs thrown over and hooked around both of mine. He’s suffocating me with his body heat, and he’s heavy. I take a moment to absorb that he’s still in my bed and fast asleep, and it’s light outside – morning. He has spent the whole night with me.My right arm is stretched, no doubt in search of a cool spot, and as I process the fact that he’s still with me, the thought occurs that I can touch him. He’s asleep. Tentatively, I lift my hand and run the tips of my fingers down his back. Deep in his throat, I hear a faint distressed groan, and he stirs. He nuzzles my chest, inhaling deeply as he wakes. Sleepy, blinking gray eyes meet mine beneath his tousled mop of hair.“Good morning,” he mumbles and frowns. “Jesus, even in my sleep I’m drawn to you.” He moves slowly, unpeeling his limbs from me as he gets his bearings. I become aware of his erection against my hip. He notices my wide-eyed reaction, and he smiles a slow sexy smile.“Hmm… this has possibilities, but I think we should wait until Sunday.” He leans down and nuzzles my ear with his nose. I flush, but then I feel seven shades of scarlet from his heat.“You’re very hot,” I murmur.“You’re not so bad yourself,” he murmurs and presses himself against me, sugges-tively.I flush some more. That’s not what I meant. He props himself up on his elbow gazing down at me, amused. He bends, and to my surprise, plants a gentle kiss on my lips.“Sleep well?” he asks.I nod, staring up at him, and I realize that I’ve slept very well except maybe for the last half-hour when I was too hot.“So did I.” He frowns. “Yes, really well.” He raises his eyebrows in confused surprise. “What’s the time?”I glance at my alarm.“It’s 7:30.”“7:30… shit.” He scrambles out of bed and drags on his jeans.It is my turn to look amused as I sit up. Christian Grey is late and flustered. This is something I have never seen before. I belatedly realize that my behind is no longer sore.“You are such a bad influence on me. I have a meeting. I have to go – I have to be in Portland at eight. Are you smirking at me?”“Yes.”He grins.“I’m late. I don’t do late. Another first, Miss Steele.” He pulls on his jacket and then bends down and grasps my head, his hands on either side.“Sunday,” he says, and the word is pregnant with an unspoken promise. Everything deep in my body uncurls and then clenches in delicious anticipation, the feeling is exqui-site. Holy hell, if my mind could just keep up with my body. He leans forward and kisses me quickly. He grabs his stuff from my side table and his shoes – which he doesn’t put on.“Taylor will come and sort your Beetle. I was serious. Don’t drive it. I’ll see you at my place on Sunday. I’ll email you a time.” And like a whirlwind, he’s gone. Oh my, Christian Grey spent the night with me, and I feel rested. And there was no sex, only cuddling. He told me he never slept with anyone – but he’s slept three times with me. I grin and slowly climb out of my bed. I feel more optimistic than I have for the last day or so. I head for the kitchen, needing a cup of tea.After breakfast, I shower and dress quickly for my last day at Clayton’s. It is the end of an era – goodbye to Mr. & Mrs. Clayton, WSU, Vancouver, the apartment, my Beetle. I glance at the mean machine – it’s only 7:52. I have time. Dear Mr. Grey You wanted to know why I felt confused after you – which euphemism should we ap-ply - spanked, punished, beat, assaulted me. Well during the whole alarming process I felt demeaned, debased and abused. And much to my mortification, you’re right, I was aroused, and that was unexpected. As you are well aware, all things sexual are new to me – I only wish I was more experienced and therefore more prepared. I was shocked to feel aroused. What really worried me was how I felt afterwards. And that’s more difficult to articulate. I was happy that you were happy. I felt relieved that it wasn’t as painful as I thought it would be. And when I was lying in your arms, I felt – sated. But I feel very uncomfort-able, guilty even, feeling that way. It doesn’t sit well with me, and I’m confused as a result. Does that answer your question? I hope the world of Mergers and Acquisitions is as stimulating as ever… and that you weren’t too late. Thank you for staying with me. Holy crap… mine in every way. My breath hitches.I am in a meeting discussing the futures market if you’re really interested. For the record - you stood beside me knowing what I was going to do. You didn’t at any time ask me to stop – you didn’t use either safe word. You are an adult – you have choices. Quite frankly, I’m looking forward to the next time my palm is ringing with pain. You’re obviously not listening to the right part of your body. Alaska is very cold and no place to run. I would find you. I can track your cell phone – remember? Go to work.Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc.I scowl at the screen. He’s right of course. It’s my choice. Hmm. Is he serious about com-ing to find me, should I decide to escape for a while? My mind flits briefly to my mother’s offer. I hit reply.The Audi is a joy to drive. It has power steering. Wanda, my Beetle, has no power in it at all – anywhere, so my daily workout, which was driving my Beetle, will cease. Oh, but I will have a personal trainer to contend with, according to Christian’s rules. I frown. I hate exercising.While I am driving, I try and analyze our email exchange. He’s a patronizing son-of-a-bitch sometimes. And then I think of Grace and I feel guilty. But of course, she wasn’t his birth mother. Hmm that’s a whole world of unknown pain. Well, patronizing son-of-a-bitch works well then. Yes. I’m an adult, thank you for reminding me, Christian Grey, and it is my choice. The problem is, I just want Christian, not all his… baggage – and right now he has a 747 hold’s worth of baggage. Could I just lie back and embrace it? Like a submissive? I’ve said I’d try. It’s an awfully big ask. I pull into the parking lot at Clayton’s. As I make my way in, I can hardly believe it’s my last day. Fortunately, the store is busy and time passes quickly. At lunchtime, Mr. Clayton summons me from the stockroom. He’s standing beside a motorcycle courier.“Miss Steele?” the courier asks. I frown questioningly at Mr. Clayton, who shrugs, as puzzled as me. My heart sinks. What has Christian sent me now? I sign for the small package and open it straight away. It’s a BlackBerry. My heart sinks further. I switch it on.I put the thing in my back pocket, hating it already. Emailing Christian is addictive, but I am supposed to be working. It buzzes once against my behind… how apt, I think ironi-cally, but summoning all my willpower, I ignore it.At four, Mr. and Mrs. Clayton gather all the other employees in the shop, and during a hair-curlingly embarrassing speech, present me with a check for three hundred dollars. In that moment, three weeks of – exams, graduation, intense, fucked-up billionaires, de-flowering, hard & soft limits, playrooms with no consoles, helicopter rides – and the fact that I will move tomorrow, all well up inside me. Amazingly, I hold myself together. My subconscious is in awe. I hug the Claytons hard. They have been kind and generous em-ployers, and I will miss them.Kate is climbing out of her car when I arrive home.“What’s that?” she says accusingly, pointing at the Audi. I can’t resist. “It’s a car,” I quip. She narrows her eyes, and for a brief moment, I wonder if she’s go-ing to put me across her knee too. “My graduation present.” I try and act nonchalant. Yes, I get expensive cars given to me everyday. Her mouth drops open.“Generous, over-the-top bastard, isn’t he?”I nod. “I did try not to accept it, but frankly, it’s just not worth the fight.”Kate purses her lips. “No wonder you’re so overwhelmed. I did note that he stayed.”“Yeah.” I smile wistfully.“Shall we finish packing?”I nod and follow her inside. I check the email from Christian.Shall I see you at 1 p.m. Sunday? The doctor will be at Escala to see you at 1:30. I’m leaving for Seattle now. I hope your move goes well, and I look forward to Sunday.Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc.Jeez, he could be discussing the weather. I decide to email him once we’ve finished pack-ing, he can be such fun one minute, and then he can be so formal and stuffy. It’s difficult to keep up. Honestly, it’s like an email to an employee. I roll my eyes at it defiantly and join Kate to pack.Kate and I are in the kitchen when there’s a knock at the door. Taylor stands on the porch, looking immaculate in his suit. I notice the trace of ex-army in his buzz cut, trim physique, and his cool stare.“Miss Steele,” he says. “I’ve come for your car.”“Oh yes, of course. Come in, I’ll fetch the keys.”Surely this is above and beyond the call of duty. I wonder again at Taylor’s job descrip-tion. I hand him the keys, and we walk in an uncomfortable silence for me - toward the light blue Beetle. I open the door and remove the flashlight from the glove box. That’s it. I have nothing else that’s personal in the Wanda. Goodby,, Wanda. Thank you. I caress her roof as I close the passenger door.“How long have you worked for Mr. Grey?” I ask.“Four years, Miss Steele.”Suddenly, I have an overwhelming urge to bombard him with questions. What this man must know about Christian, all his secrets. But then he’s probably signed an NDA. I look nervously at him. He has the same taciturn expression as Ray, and I warm to him.“He’s a good man, Miss Steele,” he says, and he smiles slightly. With that, he gives me a little nod, climbs into my car, and drives away. Apartment, Beetle, Claytons – it’s all change now. I shake my head as I wander back inside. And the biggest change of all is Christian Grey. Taylor thinks he’s a good man. Can I believe him?José joins us with a Chinese take-out at eight. We’re done. We’re packed and ready to go. He brings several bottles of beer, and Kate and I sit on the couch while he’s cross-legged on the floor between us. We watch crap TV, drink beer, and as the evening wears on, we fondly and loudly reminisce as the beer takes effect. It’s been a good four years.The atmosphere between José and I has returned to normal, the attempted kiss forgot-ten. Well, it’s been swept under the rug that my inner goddess is lying on, eating grapes and tapping her fingers, waiting not so patiently for Sunday. There’s a knock on the door, and my heart leaps into my throat. Is it?Kate answers the door and is nearly knocked off her feet by Elliot. He seizes her in a Hollywood-style clinch that moves quickly into a European art house embrace. Honestly… get a room. José and I stare at each other. I’m appalled at their lack of modesty.“Shall we walk down to the bar?” I ask José, who nods frantically. We are too uncom-fortable with the unrestrained sexing unfolding in front of us. Kate looks up at me, flushed and bright-eyed.“José and I are going for a quick drink.” I roll my eyes at her. Ha! I can still roll my eyes in my own time.“Okay,” she grins.“Hi Elliot, bye Elliot.”He winks a big blue eye at me, and José and I are out of the door, giggling like teenag-ers.As we stroll down to the bar, I put my arm through José’s. God, he’s so uncomplicated - I hadn’t really appreciated that before.“You’ll still come to the opening of my show, won’t you?”“Of course, José, when is it?”“June 9.”“What day is that?” I suddenly panic.“It’s a Thursday.”“Yeah I should make that… and you will visit us in Seattle?”“Try and stop me.” He grins.It’s late when I arrive back from the bar. Kate and Elliot are nowhere to be seen but boy can they be heard. Holy shit. I hope I’m not that loud. I know Christian isn’t. I flush at the thought and escape to my room. After a brief not-at-all-awkward-thank-goodness hug, José has gone. I don’t know when I’ll see him again, probably his photographic show, and once again, I’m blown away that he finally has an exhibition. I shall miss him and his boy-ish charm. I couldn’t bring myself to tell him about the Beetle, I know he’ll freak when he finds out, and I can only deal with one man at a time freaking out at me. Once in my room, I check the mean machine, and of course, there’s an email from Christian.Crap… José… shit.I grab my phone. Five missed calls and one voice message. Tentatively, I listen to the message. It’s Christian.‘I think you need to learn to manage my expectations. I am not a patient man. If you say you are going to contact me when you finish work, then you should have the decency to do so. Otherwise, I worry, and it’s not an emotion I’m familiar with, and I don’t tolerate it very well. Call me.’Double crap. Will he ever give me a break? I scowl at the phone. He is suffocating me. With a deep dread uncurling in my stomach, I scroll down to his number and press dial. My heart is in my mouth as I wait for him to answer. He’d probably like to beat seven shades of shit out of me. The thought is depressing.“Hi,” he says softly, and his response knocks me off balance because I am expecting his anger, but if anything, he sounds relieved.“Hi,” I murmur.“I was worried about you.”“I know. I’m sorry I didn’t reply, but I’m fine.”He pauses for a beat. “Did you have a pleasant evening?” He is crisply polite.“Yes. We finished packing and Kate and I shared a Chinese take-out with José.” I close my eyes tightly as I say José’s name. Christian says nothing.“How about you?” I ask to fill the sudden deafening chasm of silence. I will not let him guilt me out about José.Eventually, he sighs. “I went to a fundraising dinner. It was deathly dull. I left as soon as I could.”He sounds so sad and resigned. My heart clenches. I picture him all those nights ago sat at the piano in his huge living room and the unbearable bittersweet melancholy of the music he was playing.“I wish you were here,” I whisper, because I have an urge to hold him. Soothe him. Even though he won’t let me. I want his proximity.“Do you?” he murmurs blandly. Holy mackerel. This doesn’t sound like him, and my scalp prickles with dawning apprehension.“Yes,” I breathe. After an eternity, he sighs. “I’ll see you Sunday?”“Yes, Sunday,” I murmur, and a thrill courses through my body.“Goodnight.”“Goodnight, Sir.”My address catches him unawares, I can tell by his sharp intake of breath.“Good luck with your move tomorrow, Anastasia.” His voice is soft. And we’re both hanging on the phone like teenagers, neither wanting to hang up.“You hang up,” I whisper. Finally, I sense his smile.“No, you hang up.” And I know he’s grinning.“I don’t want to.”“Neither do I.”“Were you very angry with me?”“Yes.”“Are you still?”“No.”“So you’re not going to punish me?”“No. I’m an in-the-moment kind of guy.”“I’ve noticed.”“You can hang up now, Miss Steele.”“Do you really want me to, Sir?”“Go to bed, Anastasia.”“Yes, Sir.”We both stay on the line.“Do you ever think you’ll be able to do what you’re told?” He’s amused and exasper-ated at once.“Maybe. We’ll see after Sunday.” And I press ‘end’ on the phone.Elliot stands and admires his handiwork. He has re-plugged our TV into the satellite sys-tem in our Pike Place Market apartment. Kate and I flop on to the couch giggling, im-pressed by his prowess with a power drill. The flat screen looks odd against the brickwork of the converted warehouse, but no doubt I will get used to it.“See, baby, easy.” He grins a wide white-toothed smile at Kate, and she almost literally dissolves into the couch.I roll my eyes at the pair of them.“I’d love to stay, baby, but my sister is back from Paris. It’s a compulsory family din-ner tonight.”“Can you come by after?” Kate asks tentatively, all soft and un-Katelike.I stand and make my way over to the kitchen area on the pretense of unpacking one of the crates. They are going to get icky.“I’ll see if I can escape,” he promises.“I’ll come down with you.” Kate smiles.“Laters, Ana.” Elliot grins.“Bye, Elliot. Say hi to Christian from me.”“Just hi?” His eyebrows shoot up suggestively.“Yes.” I flush. He winks at me, and I go crimson as he follows Kate out of the apart-ment.Elliot is adorable and so different from Christian. He’s warm, open, physical, very physical, too physical, with Kate. They can barely keep their hands off each other – to be honest it’s embarrassing - and I am pea-green with envy.Kate returns about twenty minutes later with pizza, and we sit, surrounded by crates, in our new open space, eating straight from the box. Kate’s dad has done us proud. The apartment is not large, but it’s big enough, three bedrooms and a large living space that looks out on to Pike Place Market itself. It’s all solid wood floors and red brick, and the kitchen tops are smooth concrete, very utilitarian, very now. We both love that we will be in the heart of the city.At eight the entry-phone buzzes. Kate leaps up - and my heart leaps into my mouth.“Delivery, Miss Steele, Miss Kavanagh.” Disappointment flows freely and unexpect-edly through my veins. It’s not Christian.“Second floor, apartment two.” Kate buzzes the delivery boy in. His mouth falls open when he sees Kate, all tight jeans, t-shirt, hair piled high with escaping tendrils. She has that effect on men. He holds a bottle of champagne with a helicopter-shaped balloon attached. She gives him a dazzling smile to send him on his way and proceeds to read the card out to me.Ladies, Good luck in your new home, Christian Grey.Kate shakes her head in disapproval. “Why can’t he just write ‘from Christian’? And what’s with the weird helicopter bal-loon?”“Charlie Tango.”“What?”“Christian flew me to Seattle in his helicopter.” I shrug. Kate stares at me open mouthed. I have to say – I love these occasions – Katherine Ka-vanagh, silent and floored, they are so rare. I take a brief and luxurious moment to enjoy it.“Yep, he has a helicopter, which he flew himself,” I state proudly.“Of course the obscenely rich bastard has a helicopter. Why didn’t you tell me?” Kate looks accusingly at me, but she’s smiling, shaking her head in disbelief.“I’ve had a lot on my mind lately.”She frowns. “Are you going to be okay while I’m away?”“Of course.” I answer reassuringly. New city, no job… nut-job boyfriend.“Did you give him our address?“No, but stalking is one of his specialties.” I muse, matter-of-fact.Kate’s brow knits further.“Somehow I’m not surprised. He worries me, Ana. At least it’s a good champagne and it’s chilled.”Of course, only Christian would send chilled champagne or get his secretary to do it… or maybe Taylor. We open it there and then and find our teacups - they were the last items to be packed.“Bollinger Grande Année Rosé 1999, an excellent vintage.” I grin at Kate, and we clink teacups.I wake early to a gray Sunday morning after a surprisingly refreshing night’s sleep and lie awake staring at my crates. You should really be unpacking these, my subconscious nags, pursing her harpy lips together. No… today’s the day. My inner goddess is beside herself, hopping from foot to foot. Anticipation hangs heavy and portentous over my head like a dark tropical storm cloud. Butterflies flood my belly – as well as a darker, carnal, capti-vating ache as I try to imagine what he will do to me… and of course, I have to sign that damned contract or do I? I hear the ping of incoming mail from the mean machine on the floor beside my bed.If you drive you’ll need this access code for the underground garage at EscalaI roll my eyes at his bossiness, but his last line makes me smile. I head for the bathroom, wondering if Elliot made it back last night and trying hard to rein in my nerves.I can drive the Audi in high-heels! At 12:55 p.m. precisely, I pull into the garage at Escala and park in bay five. How many bays does he own? The Audi SUV is there, the R8, and two smaller Audi SUVs… hmm. I check my seldom-worn mascara in the light up vanity mirror on my sunshield. Didn’t have one of these in the Beetle.Go girl! My inner goddess has her pom poms in hand - she’s in cheerleading mode. In the infinity mirrors of the elevator, I check out my plum dress, well – Kate’s plum dress. The last time I wore this, he wanted to peel it off me. My body clenches at the thought. Oh my, the feeling is just exquisite, and I catch my breath. I’m wearing the underwear that Taylor bought for me. I flush at the thought of his buzz-cut roaming the aisles of Agent Provocateur or wherever he bought it. The doors open, and I’m facing the foyer of apart-ment number one.Taylor stands at the double doors as I step out of the elevator.“Good afternoon, Miss Steele,” he says.“Oh please call me, Ana.”“Ana,” he smiles.“Mr. Grey is expecting you.”I bet he is.Christian is seated on his living room couch reading the Sunday papers. He glances up as Taylor directs me into the living area. The room is exactly as I remember it – it’s been a whole week since I’ve been here – but it feels so much longer. Christian looks cool and calm – actually, he looks heavenly. He’s in a loose white linen shirt and jeans, no shoes or socks. His hair is tousled and unkempt, and his gray eyes twinkle wickedly at me. He is jaw-droppingly handsome. He rises and strolls towards me, an amused appraising smile on his beautiful sculptured lips.I stand immobilized at the entrance of the room, paralyzed by his beauty and the sweet anticipation of what’s to come. The familiar charge between us is there, sparking slowly in my belly, drawing me to him.“Hmm… that dress,” he murmurs approvingly as he gazes down at me. “Welcome back, Miss Steele,” he whispers, and clasping my chin, he leans down and proffers a gentle light kiss on my lips. The touch of his lips to mine reverberates throughout my body. My breath hitches.“Hi,” I whisper as I flush.“You’re on time. I like punctual. Come.” He takes my hand and leads me to the couch. “I wanted to show you something,” he says as we sit. He hands me the Seattle Times. On page eight, there’s a photograph of the two of us together at the graduation ceremony. Holy crap. I’m in the paper. I check the caption.Christian Grey and friend at the graduation ceremony at WSU Vancouver.I laugh. “So I’m your ‘friend’ now.”“So it would appear. And it’s in the newspaper, so it must be true.” He smirks.Sitting beside me, his whole body is turned toward me, one of his legs tucked under the other. Reaching over, he tucks my hair behind my ear with his long index finger. My body comes alive at his touch, waiting and needful.“So, Anastasia, you have a much better idea of what I’m about since you were last here.”“Yes.” Where’s he going with this?“And yet you’ve returned.”I nod shyly, and his gray eyes blaze. He shakes his head slightly as if he’s struggling with the idea.“Have you eaten?” he asks out of the blue.Shit. “No.”“Are you hungry?” He’s really trying not to look annoyed.“Not for food,” I whisper, and his nostrils flare slightly in reaction. He leans forward and whispers in my ear. “You are as eager as ever, Miss Steele, and just to let you into a little secret, so am I. But Dr. Greene is due here shortly.” He sits up. “I wish you’d eat,” he scolds me mildly. My heated blood cools. Holy cow – the doctor. I’d forgotten.“What can you tell me about Dr. Greene?” I ask to distract us both.“She’s the best Ob/Gyn in Seattle. What more can I say?” He shrugs.“I thought I was seeing your doctor, and don’t tell me you’re really a woman, because I won’t believe you.” He gives me a don’t-be-ridiculous look.“I think it’s more appropriate that you see a specialist. Don’t you?” he says mildly.I nod. Holy Moses, if she’s the best Ob/Gyn, he’s scheduled her to see me on a Sunday – at lunchtime! I cannot begin to imagine how much that costs. Christian frowns suddenly as if recalling something unpleasant.“Anastasia, my mother would like you to come to dinner this evening. I believe Elliot is asking Kate too. I don’t know how you feel about that. It will be odd for me to introduce you to my family.”Odd? Why?“Are you ashamed of me?” I can’t keep the wounded hurt out of my voice.“Of course not.” He rolls his eyes at me.“Why is it odd?”“Because I’ve never done it before.”“Why are you allowed to roll your eyes, and I’m not?”He blinks at me. “I wasn’t aware that I was.”“Neither am I usually,” I snap at him.Christian glares at me, speechless. Taylor appears at the doorway.“Dr. Greene is here, Sir.”“Show her up to Miss Steele’s room.”Miss Steele’s room!“Ready for some contraception?” he asks as he stands and holds out his hand to me.“You’re not going to come as well are you?” I gasp, shocked.He laughs. “I’d pay very good money to watch, believe me, Anastasia, but I don’t think the good doctor would approve.”I take his hand, and he pulls me up into his arms and kisses me deeply. I clutch on to his arms, taken by surprise. His hand is in my hair holding my head, and he pulls me against him, his forehead against mine.“I’m so glad you’re here,” he whispers. “I can’t wait to get you naked.”Dr. Greene is tall, blond, and immaculate, dressed in a royal blue suit. I’m reminded of the women who work in Christian’s office. She’s like an identikit model – another Stepford blonde. Her long hair is swept up in an elegant chignon. She must be in her early forties.“Mr. Grey.” She shakes Christian’s outstretched hand.“Thank you for coming at such short notice,” Christian says.“Thank you for making it worth my while, Mr. Grey. Miss Steele.” She smiles, her eyes cool and assessing. We shake hands, and I know she’s one of those women who doesn’t tolerate fools gladly. Like Kate. I like her immediately. She gives Christian a pointed stare, and after an awkward beat, he takes his cue.“I’ll be downstairs,” he mutters, and he leaves what will be my bedroom.“Well Miss Steele. Mr. Grey is paying me a small fortune to attend to you. What can I do for you?”After a thorough examination and lengthy discussion, Dr. Greene and I decide on the mini pill. She writes me a pre-paid prescription and instructs me to pick them up tomorrow. I love her no-nonsense attitude – she has lectured me until she’s as blue as her dress about taking it at the same time every day. And I can tell she’s burning with curiosity about my so-called relationship with Mr. Grey. I don’t give her any details. Somehow I don’t think she’d look so calm and collected if she’d seen his Red Room of Pain. I flush as we pass its closed door and head back downstairs to the art gallery that is Christian’s living room.Christian is reading, seated on his couch. A breathtaking aria is playing on the music system, swirling round him, cocooning him, filling the room with a sweet, soulful song. For a moment, he looks serene. He turns and glances at us when we enter and smiles warmly at me.“Are you done?” he asks as if he’s genuinely interested. He points the remote at a sleek white box beneath the fireplace that houses his iPod, and the exquisite melody fades but continues in the background. Standing, he strolls towards us.“Yes, Mr. Grey. Look after her; she’s a beautiful, bright young woman.”Christian is taken aback – as am I. What an inappropriate thing for a doctor to say. Is she giving him some kind of not so subtle warning? Christian recovers himself.“I fully intend to,” he mutters, bemused. Gazing at him, I shrug, embarrassed.“I’ll send you my bill,” she says crisply as she shakes his hand.“Good day, and good luck to you, Ana.” She smiles, her eyes crinkling as she does when we shake hands.Taylor appears from nowhere to escort her through the double doors and out to the elevator. How does he do that? Where does he lurk?“How was that?” Christian asks.“Fine, thank you. She said that I had to abstain from all sexual activity for the next four weeks.”Christian’s mouth drops open in shock, and I cannot keep a straight face any longer and grin at him like an idiot.“Gotcha!”He narrows his eyes, and I immediately stop laughing. In fact, he looks rather forbid-ding. Oh shit. My subconscious quails in the corner as all the blood drains from my face, and I imagine him putting me across his knee again.“Gotcha!” he says and smirks. He grabs me around my waist and pulls me up against him. “You are incorrigible, Miss Steele,” he murmurs, staring down into my eyes as he weaves his fingers into my hair, holding me firmly in place. He kisses me, hard, and I cling on to his muscular arms for support.“As much as I’d like to take you here, now, you need to eat and so do I. I don’t want you passing out on me later,” he murmurs against my lips.“Is that all you want me for – my body?” I whisper.“That and your smart mouth,” he breathes. He kisses me again passionately, and then abruptly releases me, taking my hand and leading me to the kitchen. I am reeling. One minute we’re joking and the next… I fan my heated face. He’s just sex on legs, and now I have to recover my equilibrium and eat something. The aria is still playing in the background.“What’s the music?”“Villa Lobos, an aria from Bachianas Brasileiras. Good, isn’t it?”“Yes,” I murmur in total agreement.The breakfast bar is laid for two; Christian takes a salad bowl from the fridge.“Chicken caesar salad okay with you?”Oh thank heavens, nothing too heavy.“Yes, fine, thank you.”I watch as he moves gracefully through his kitchen. He’s so at ease with his body on one level, but then he doesn’t like to be touched… so maybe deep down he isn’t. No man is an island, I muse – except perhaps Christian Grey.“What are you thinking?” he asks, pulling me from my reverie. I flush. “I was just watching the way you move.”He raises an eyebrow, amused.“And?” he says dryly. I flush some more.“You’re very graceful.”“Why thank you, Miss Steele,” he murmurs. He sits down beside me, holding a bottle of wine. “Chablis?”“Please.”“Help yourself to salad,” he says, his voice soft. “Tell me - what method did you opt for?”I am momentarily thrown by his question, when I realize he’s talking about Dr. Greene’s visit.“Mini pill.”He frowns.“And will you remember to take it regularly, at the right time, every day?”Jeez… of course I will. How does he know? I blush at the thought, probably from one or more of the fifteen.“I’m sure you’ll remind me,” I murmur dryly. He glances at me with amused condescension.“I’ll put an alarm on my calendar.” He smirks. “Eat.”The chicken caesar is delicious. To my surprise, I’m famished, and for the first time since I’ve been with him, I finish my meal before he does. The wine is crisp, clean, and fruity.“Eager as ever, Miss Steele?” he smiles down at my empty plate.I look at him from beneath my lashes. “Yes,” I whisper.His breath hitches. And as he stares down at me, I feel the atmosphere between us slowly shift, evolve… charge. His look goes from dark to smoldering, taking me with him. He stands, closing the distance between us, and tugs me off my bar stool into his arms.“Do you want to do this?” he breathes, looking down at me intently.“I haven’t signed anything.”“I know – but I’m breaking all the rules these days.”“Are you going to hit me?”“Yes, but it won’t be to hurt you. I don’t want to punish you right now. If you’d caught me yesterday evening, well, that would have been a different story.”Holy cow. He wants to hurt me… how do I deal with this? I can’t hide the horror on my face.“Don’t let anyone try and convince you otherwise, Anastasia. One of the reasons people like me do this is because we either like to give or receive pain. It’s very simple.  You don’t, so I spent a great deal of time yesterday thinking about that.” He pulls me against him, and his erection presses into my belly. I should run, but I can’t. I’m drawn to him on some deep, elemental level, that I can’t begin to understand.“Did you reach any conclusions?” I whisper.“No, and right now, I just want to tie you up and fuck you senseless. Are you ready for that?”“Yes,” I breathe as everything in my body tightens at once… wow.“Good. Come.” He takes my hand and, leaving all the dirty dishes on the breakfast bar, and we head upstairs.My heart starts pounding. This is it. I’m really going to do this. My inner goddess is spinning like a world-class ballerina, pirouette after pirouette. He opens the door to his playroom, standing back for me to walk through, and I am once more in the Red Room of Pain.It’s the same, the smell of leather, citrus, polish and dark wood, all very sensual. My blood is running heated and scared through my system – adrenaline mixed with lust and longing. It’s a heady, potent cocktail. Christian’s stance has changed completely, subtly al-tered, harder and meaner. He gazes down at me and his eyes are heated, lustful… hypnotic.“When you’re in here, you are completely mine,” he breathes, each word slow and measured. “To do with as I see fit. Do you understand?”His gaze is so intense. I nod, my mouth dry, my heart thumping for a way out of my chest.“Take your shoes off,” he orders softly. I swallow, and rather clumsily, I take them off. He bends and picks them up and de-posits them beside the door.“Good. Don’t hesitate when I ask you to do something. Now I’m going to peel you out of this dress. Something I’ve wanted to do for a few days if I recall. I want you to be comfortable with your body, Anastasia. You have a beautiful body, and I like to look at it. It is a joy to behold. In fact, I could gaze at you all day, and I want you unembarrassed and unashamed of your nakedness. Do you understand?”“Yes.”“Yes, what?” He leans over me, glaring.“Yes, Sir.”“Do you mean that?” he snaps.“Yes, Sir.”“Good. Lift your arms up over your head.”I do as instructed, and he reaches down and grabs the hem. Slowly, he pulls my dress up over my thighs, my hips, my belly, my breasts, my shoulders, and over my head. He stands back to examine me and absentmindedly folds my dress, not taking his eyes off me. He places it on the large chest beside the door. Reaching up, he pulls at my chin, his touch searing me.“You’re biting your lip,” he breathes. “You know what that does to me,” he adds darkly. “Turn around.”I turn immediately, no hesitation. He unclasps my bra and then taking both straps, he slowly pulls them down my arms, brushing my skin with his fingers and the tip of his thumbnails as he slides my bra off. His touch sends shivers down my spine, waking every nerve ending in my body. He’s standing behind me, so close that I feel the heat radiating from him, warming me, warming me all over. He pulls my hair so it’s all hanging down my back, grasps a handful at my nape, and angles my head to one side. He runs his nose down my exposed neck, inhaling all the way, then back up to my ear. The muscles in my belly clench, carnal and wanting. Jeez, he’s hardly touched me, and I want him.“You smell as divine as ever, Anastasia,” he whispers as he places a soft kiss beneath my ear. I moan.“Quiet,” he breathes. “Don’t make a sound.”Pulling my hair behind me, to my surprise, he starts braiding it in one large braid, his fingers fast and deft. He ties it with an unseen hair tie when he’s finished and gives it a quick tug so I’m forced back against him.“I like your hair braided in here,” he whispers.Hmm… why?He releases my hair.“Turn around,” he orders.I do as I’m bid, my breathing shallow, fear and longing mixed together. It’s an intoxi-cating mix.“When I tell you to come in here, this is how you will dress. Just in your panties. Do you understand?”“Yes.”“Yes, what?” He glowers at me.“Yes, Sir.”A trace of a smile lifts the corner of his mouth.“Good girl.” His eyes burn into mine. “When I tell you to come in here, I expect you to kneel over there.” He points to a spot beside the door. “Do it now.”I blink processing his words, turn, and rather clumsily kneel as directed.“You can sit back on your heels.”I sit back.“Place your hands and forearms flat on your thighs. Good. Now part your knees. Wider. Wider. Perfect. Look down at the floor.”He walks over to me, and I can see his feet and shins in my field of vision. Naked feet.  I should be taking notes if he wants me to remember. He reaches down and grasps my braid again, then pulls my head back so I am looking up at him. It’s only just not painful.“Will you remember this position, Anastasia?”“Yes, Sir.”“Good. Stay here, don’t move.” He leaves the room. I’m on my knees, waiting. Where’s he gone? What is he going to do to me? Time shifts. I have no idea how long he leaves me like this… a few minutes, five, ten? My breathing becomes shallower, the anticipation is devouring me from the inside out.And suddenly he’s back – and all at once I’m calmer and more excited in the same breath. Could I be more excited? I can see his feet. He’s changed his jeans. These are older, ripped, soft, and over-washed. Holy cow. These jeans are hot. He shuts the door and hangs something on the back.“Good girl, Anastasia. You look lovely like that. Well done. Stand up.”I stand, but I keep my face down.“You may look at me.”I peek up at him, and he’s staring at me intently, assessing, but his eyes soften. He’s taken off his shirt. Oh my… I want to touch him. The top button of his jeans is undone.“I’m going to chain you now, Anastasia. Give me your right hand.”I give him my hand. He turns it palm up, and before I know it, he swats the center with a riding crop I hadn’t noticed is in his right hand. It happens so quickly that the surprise hardly registers. Even more astonishing – it doesn’t hurt. Well, not much, just a slight ringing sting.“How does that feel?” he asks. I blink at him, confused. “Answer me.”“Okay.” I frown.“Don’t frown.”I blink and try for impassive. I succeed.“Did that hurt?”“No.”“This is not going to hurt. Do you understand?”“Yes.” My voice is uncertain. Is it really not going to hurt?“I mean it,” he says.Jeez, my breathing is so shallow. Does he know what I’m thinking? He shows me the crop. It’s brown plaited leather. My eyes jerk up to meet his, and they’re alight with fire and a trace of amusement.“We aim to please, Miss Steele,” he murmurs. “Come.” He takes my elbow and moves me to beneath the grid. He reaches up and takes down some shackles with black leather cuffs.“This grid is designed so the shackles move across the grid.”I glance up. Holy shit – it’s like a subway map.“We’re going to start here, but I want to fuck you standing up. So we’ll end up by the wall over there.” He points with the riding crop to where the large wooden X is on the wall.“Put your hands above your head.”I oblige immediately, feeling like I’m exiting my body – a casual observer of events as they unfold around me. This is beyond fascinating, beyond erotic. It’s singularly the most exciting and scary thing I’ve ever done. I’m entrusting myself to a beautiful man who, by his own admission, is fifty shades of fucked-up. I suppress the brief thrill of fear. Kate and Elliot, they know I’m here.He stands very close as he fastens the cuffs. I’m staring at his chest. His proximity is heavenly. He smells of body wash and Christian, an inebriating mix, and that drags me back into the now. I want to run my nose and tongue through that smattering of chest hair. I could just lean forward…He steps back and gazes at me, his expression hooded, salacious, carnal, and I am help-less, my hands tied, but just looking at his lovely face, reading his need and longing for me, I can feel the dampness between my legs. He walks slowly round me.“You look mighty fine trussed up like this, Miss Steele. And your smart mouth, quiet for now. I like that.”Standing in front of me again, he hooks his fingers into my panties, and at a most un-hurried pace, peels them down my legs, stripping me agonizingly slowly, so that he ends up kneeling in front of me. Not taking his eyes off mine, he scrunches my panties in his hand, holds them up to his nose, and inhales deeply. Holy fuck. Did he just do that? He grins wickedly at me and tucks them into the pocket of his jeans.Uncoiling from the floor, rising lazily, like a jungle cat, he points the end of the riding crop at my navel, leisurely circling it – tantalizing me. At the touch of the leather, I quiver and gasp. He walks round me again, trailing the crop around the middle of my body. On his second circuit, he suddenly flicks the crop, and it hits me underneath my behind… against my sex. I cry out in surprise as all my nerve endings stand to attention. I pull against the restraints. The shock runs through me, and it’s the sweetest strangest, hedonistic feeling.“Quiet,” he whispers as he walks around me again, the crop slightly higher around the middle of my body. This time when he flicks it against me in the same place, I’m anticipat-ing it… oh my. My body convulses at the sweet, stinging bite.As he makes his way around me, he flicks again, this time hitting my nipple, and I throw my head back as my nerve endings sing. He hits the other… a brief, swift, sweet chastisement. My nipples harden and elongate from the assault, and I moan loudly, pulling on my leather cuffs.“Does that feel good?” he breathes.“Yes.”He hits me again across the buttocks. The crop stings this time.“Yes what?”“Yes, Sir,” I whimper.He comes to a stop… but I can no longer see him. My eyes are closed as I try to absorb the myriad of sensations coursing through my body. Very slowly, he rains small, biting licks of the crop down my belly, heading south. I know where this is leading, and I try and psyche myself up for it – but when he hits my clitoris, I cry out loudly.“Oh… please!” I groan.“Quiet,” he orders, and he hits me again on my behind.I did not expect this to be like this… I am lost. Lost in a sea of sensation. And sud-denly, he’s dragging the crop against my sex, through my pubic hair, down to the entrance of my vagina.“See how wet you are for this, Anastasia. Open your eyes and your mouth.”I do as I’m told, completely seduced. He pushes the tip of the crop into my mouth, like my dream. Holy shit.“See how you taste. Suck. Suck hard, baby.”My mouth closes around the crop as my eyes lock on his. I can taste the rich leather and the saltiness of my arousal. His eyes are blazing. He’s in his element.He pulls the tip from my mouth, and he stands forward and grabs me and kisses me hard, his tongue invading my mouth. Wrapping his arms around me, he pulls me against him. His chest crushes mine, and I itch to touch, but I can’t, my hands, useless above me.“Oh, Anastasia, you taste mighty fine,” he breathes. “Shall I make you come?”“Please,” I beg.The crop bites my buttock. Ow!“Please, what?”“Please, Sir,” I whimper.He smiles at me, triumphant.“With this?” He holds the crop up so I can see it.“Yes, Sir.”“Are you sure?” He looks sternly at me.“Yes, please, Sir.”“Close your eyes.”I shut the room out, him out… the crop out. He starts small, biting licks of the crop against my belly once more. Moving down, soft small licks against my clitoris, once, twice, three times, again and again, until finally, that’s it – I can take no more – and I come, gloriously, loudly, sagging weakly. His arms curl around me as my legs turn to jelly. I dis-solve in his embrace, my head against his chest, and I’m mewling and whimpering as the aftershocks of my orgasm consume me. He lifts me, and suddenly we’re moving, my arms still tethered above my head, and I can feel the cool wood of the polished cross at my back, and he’s popping the buttons on his jeans. He puts me down against the cross briefly while he slides on a condom, and then his hands wrap around my thighs as he lifts me again.“Lift your legs, baby, wrap them round me.”I feel so weak, but I do as he asks as he wraps my legs around his hips and positions himself beneath me. With one thrust, he’s inside me, and I cry out again, listening to his muffled moan at my ear. My arms are resting on his shoulders as he thrusts into me. Jeez, it’s deep this way. He thrusts again and again, his face at my neck, his harsh breathing at my throat. I feel the build up again. Jeez no… not again… I don’t think my body will with-stand another earth-shattering moment. But I have no choice… and with an inevitability that’s becoming familiar, I let go and come again, and it’s sweet and agonizing and intense.  I lose all sense of self. Christian follows, shouting his release through clenched teeth and holding me hard and close as he does.He pulls out of me swiftly and sets me down against the cross, his body supporting mine. Unbuckling the cuffs, he frees my hands, and we both sink to the floor. He pulls me into his lap, cradling me, and I lean my head against his chest. If I had the strength, I’d touch him, but I don’t. Belatedly, I realize he’s still wearing his jeans.“Well done, baby,” he murmurs. “Did that hurt?”“No,” I breathe. I can barely keep my eyes open. Why am I so tired?“Did you expect it to?” he whispers as he holds me close, his fingers pushing some escaped tendrils of hair off my face.“Yes.”“You see most of your fear is in your head, Anastasia,” he pauses. “Would you do it again?”I think for a moment as fatigue clouds my brain… Again?“Yes.” My voice is so soft.He hugs me tightly. “Good. So would I,” he murmurs, then leans down and softly kisses the top of my head.“And I haven’t finished with you yet.”Not finished with me yet. Holy Moses. There’s no way I can do any more. I am ut-terly spent and fighting an overwhelming desire to sleep. I’m leaning against his chest, my eyes are closed, and he’s wrapped around me – arms and legs – and I feel… safe, and oh so comfortable. Will he let me sleep, perchance to dream? My mouth quirks up at the silly thought, and turning my face into Christian’s chest, I inhale his unique scent and nuzzle him, but immediately he tenses… oh crap. I open my eyes and glance up at him. He’s staring down at me.“Don’t,” he breathes in warning.I flush and look back at his chest in longing. I want to run my tongue through the hair, kiss him, and for the first time, I notice he has a few random and faint small, round scars dotted around his chest. Chicken pox? Measles? I think absently.“Kneel by the door,” he orders as he sits back, putting his hands on his knees, effec-tively releasing me. No longer warm, the temperature of his voice has dropped several degrees.I stumble clumsily up into a standing position and scoot over to the door and kneel as instructed. I’m shaky and very, very tired, monumentally confused. Who would have thought I could have found such gratification in this room. Who could have thought it would be so exhausting? My limbs are deliciously heavy, sated. My inner goddess has a ‘do not disturb’ sign on the outside of her room.Christian is moving about in the periphery of my vision. My eyes start to droop.“Boring you, am I, Miss Steele?”I jump awake, and Christian is standing in front of me, his arms crossed glaring down at me. Oh shit, caught napping – this is not going to be good. His eyes soften as I gaze up at him.“Stand up,” he orders.I climb warily to my feet. He stares at me, and his mouths quirks up.“You’re shattered, aren’t you?”I nod shyly, flushing.“Stamina, Miss Steele.” He narrows his eyes at me. “I haven’t had my fill of you yet. Hold out your hands in front as if you’re praying.”I blink at him. Praying! Praying for you to go easy on me. I do as I’m told. He takes a cable tie and fastens it around my wrists, tightening the plastic. Holy hell. My eyes fly to his.“Look familiar,” he asks, unable to conceal his smile.Jeez… the plastic cable ties. Restocking at Clayton’s! It all becomes clear. I gape up at him as adrenaline spikes though my body anew. Okay – that’s got my attention – I’m awake now.“I have scissors here.” He holds them up for me to see. “I can cut you out of this in a moment.”I try to pull my wrists apart, testing my bonds, and as I do, the plastic bites into my flesh – it’s sore, but if I relax my wrists they’re fine – the tie is not cutting into my skin.“Come.” He takes my hands and leads me over to the four-poster bed. I notice now that it has dark red sheets on it and a shackle at each corner.“I want more – much, much more,” he leans down and whispers in my ear. And my heartbeat starts pounding again. Oh boy.“But I’ll make this quick. You’re tired. Hold on to the post,” he says.I frown. Not on the bed then? I find I can part my hands as I grasp the ornately carved wooden post.“Lower,” he orders. “Good. Don’t let go. If you do, I’ll spank you. Understand?”“Yes, Sir.”“Good.”He stands behind me and grasps my hips, and then quickly lifts me backward so I’m bending forward, holding the post.“Don’t let go, Anastasia,” he warns. “I’m going to fuck you hard from behind. Hold the post to support your weight. Understand?”“Yes.”He smacks me across my behind with his hand. Ow… It stings.“Yes, Sir,” I mutter quickly.“Part your legs.” He puts his leg between mine, and holding my hips, he pushes my right leg to the side.“That’s better. After this, I’ll let you sleep.”Sleep? I’m panting. I’m not thinking of sleep now. He reaches up and gently strokes my back.“You have such beautiful skin, Anastasia,” he breathes as he bends down and kisses me along my spine, gentle feather-light kisses. At the same time, his hands move round to my front palming my breasts, and as he does this, he traps my nipples between his fingers and tugs them gently.I stifle my moan as I feel my whole body respond, coming alive once more for him.He gently bites and sucks me at my waist, tugging my nipples, and my hands tighten on the exquisitely carved post. His hands drop away, and I hear the now familiar tear of foil, and he kicks off his jeans.“You have such a captivating, sexy ass, Anastasia Steele. What I’d like to do to it.” His hands smooth and shape each of my buttocks, then his fingers glide down, and he slips two fingers inside me.“So wet. You never disappoint, Miss Steele,” he whispers, and I hear the wonder in his voice. “Hold tight… this is going to be quick, baby.” He grabs my hips and positions himself, and I brace myself for his assault. But he reaches over me and grabs my braid near the end and winds it round his wrist to my nape holding my head in place. Very slowly he eases into me, pulling my hair at the same time… oh the fullness. He eases out of me slowly, and his other hand grabs my hip, hold-ing tight, and then he slams into me, jolting me forward.“Hold on, Anastasia!” he shouts through clenched teeth.I grip harder round the post and push back against him as he continues his merciless onslaught, again and again, his fingers digging into my hip. My arms are aching, my legs feel uncertain, my scalp is getting sore from his tugging my hair… and I can feel a gathering deep inside me. Oh no… and for the first time, I fear my orgasm… if I come… I’ll collapse. Christian continues to move roughly against me, in me, his breathing harsh, moaning, groaning. My body is responding… how? I feel a quickening. But suddenly, Christian stills, slamming really deep.“Come on, Ana, give it to me,” he groans, and my name on his lips sends me over the edge as I become all body and spiraling sensation and sweet, sweet release, and then com-pletely and utterly mindless.When sense returns, I’m lying on him. He’s on the floor, and I’m lying on top of him, my back to his front, and I’m staring at the ceiling, all post-coital, glowing, shattered. Oh… the karabiners, I think absently – I’d forgotten about those. Christian nuzzles my ear.“Hold up your hands,” he says softly. My arms feel like they’re made of lead, but I hold them up. He wields the scissors and passes one blade under the plastic.“I declare this Ana open,” he breathes, and cuts the plastic.I giggle and rub my wrists as they’re freed. I feel his grin.“That is such a lovely sound,” he says wistfully. He sits suddenly, taking me with him so that I’m once more sitting in his lap.“That’s my fault,” he says and shifts me so that he can rub my shoulders and arms. Gently he massages some life back into my limbsWhat?I glance up at him behind me, trying to understand what he means.“That you don’t giggle more often.”“I’m not a great giggler,” I mumble sleepily.“Oh, but when it happens, Miss Steele, ‘tis a wonder and joy to behold.”“Very flowery, Mr. Grey,” I mutter, trying to keep my eyes open. His eyes soften, and he smiles.“I’d say you’re thoroughly fucked and in need of sleep.”“That wasn’t flowery at all,” I grumble playfully. He grins and gently lifts me off him and stands, gloriously naked. I wish momentarily that I were more awake to really appreciate him. Picking up his jeans, he slides them back on, commando.“Don’t want to frighten Taylor, or Mrs. Jones for that matter,” he mutters.Hmm… they must know what a kinky bastard he is. The thought preoccupies me.He stoops to help me to my feet and leads me to the door, on the back of which hangs a grey waffle robe. He patiently dresses me as if I’m a small child. I don’t have the strength to lift my arms. When I’m covered and respectable, he leans down and kisses me gently, his mouth quirks up in a smile.